The function of the Library Advisory Committee is to support the functioning of the library so
that it can facilitate the library development plans by advocating the library development
activities with the management. This to act as a channel of communication and dialogue
between the Library System and its users. The Committee’s main objective is to aid in the
establishment of a bridge between the Library and the academic fraternity and the university
management. The Library Advisory Committee (LAC) is to be appointed by the Vice-President
of the university.
Composition
The Vice-President will constitute the Library Advisory Committee. University has issued a
notification on 31st March 2015 about the constitution of Library Advisory Committee.
1. Sunil Khanna, Chairperson
2. Kapil Pandla, Member
3. Narayan Kumar, Member
4. Suman Sanyal, Member
5. Mohd Haq, Member
6. Vaishali Shinde
7. Vinay Kumar Kainthola, Convener
Terms of Reference for LAC:
1. To provide general direction to the Library
2. To review, rewrite and approve library procurement policy
3. To negotiate and approve subscriptions to online databases (e-journals,eBooks and data
sets)
4. To formulate the policy for library use and procedure to be framed
5. To review the functioning of the library with regards to its support to the academic
programmes of the institute.
1 of 2
08/10/18, 1:13 PMLIRC Advisory Committee (LAC) – NU_LIRC
http://172.23.42.209:8080/wordpress/about/lirc...
6. To outline the library collection development policy as and when required, for its
implementation.
7. To monitor and evaluate, from time to time, trends and developments in information
technologies, networking, library automation, library cooperation etc., and to direct the
library in their adoption.
8. To formulate action plan for the development of library human resource, infrastructure,
facilities, products and services.
9. Any other function as assigned by the higher authorities
10. The LC would meet at least once in six months to review the library affairs
11. The committee shall be reconstituted once in three years
12. Minutes of the meeting shall be recorded and circulated to all members for consideration
and approval
Meeting Frequency:
The LAC shall meet at least once in six months to review the library affairs and if necessary,
more often.
Minutes of the Meeting:
Meeting minutes shall be recorded by the Librarian, as Member Secretary and circulated to all
members for consideration and approval.