General Rules
1. Every user must sign the Register available at the entrance;
2. All personal belongings must be kept at the property counter, except notebook and
valuable items like mobile phone, cash etc;
3. Readers should not mark, underline, write, tear pages or damage the library documents;
4. Library team is authorized to examine any books or the reader at the gate;
5. Loose issue (s) of the periodical and magazines will not be issued to users. A bound
volume of periodical can be borrowed by the faculty members for overnight (one hour
before the closing time of library and should be returned next day one hour after the
opening of the library);
6. Before borrowing Library documents on loan, the members should ensure the good
condition of the documents;
7. Borrowed documents must be returned by the member on or before the due date or
earlier. If the book is not returned by due date, the member will be charged a penalty of
Rs. – 10/- day per volume for general books and Rs. 20/- day per volume for reference/
overnight books;
8. The Librarian / Library Incharge can recall any book, if it is required in the library urgently;
9. Reference books can be borrowed overnight 1 hour before the closing time;
10. If a book is lost by a borrower, it must be reported to the Librarian / Library In-charge
immediately;
11. The member should replace such lost book with a new one (same title) along with a fine
of Rs 100/-within two weeks of informing the library;
12. If the title is not found in the market after proper searching, a different book with the same
content should be submitted along with a fine of Rs 50/-. The price of the book should not
be less than the price of the lost book;
13. If the book is one of the set or series and the volumes cannot be obtained singly, the
whole set or series must be replaced at the members’ cost;
14. In case the book cannot be replaced, one has to pay two times of the price of the lost
book.
For detailed rules, regulations and policies, please visit moodle or refer student’s
handbook.